README.md, before:

# SpellLang -- a simple language for magic spells

This language is a simple example language for use in 6CCS3MDE/7CCSMMDD as we explore code generation a bit more. We will use it actively in class. 

### Using the repository

There are two ways to do this activity:

1. You can check out the repository and import the projects into Eclipse, then do the activity there. Commit your changes and push them back to GitHub to trigger the autograding so you can see whether you've correctly implemented the grammar. More information about checking out and editing code in Eclipse can be found on KEATS.
2. You can [do this activity in your browser](https://mdenet-ep.sites.er.kcl.ac.uk/?activities=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/6ccs3mde-7ccsmmdd-2023-24/spell_lang/main/activity.json&privaterepo=true). Click on the link and your browser will open the MDENet Education Platform with the activity pre-loaded. **Note that you must save your changes before switching to the generated editor or you will lose them.** Saving your changes will create a commit in your repository.

Commit message:

Work around GH Classroom bug

README.md, after:

# SpellLang -- a simple language for magic spells

This language is a simple example language for use in 6CCS3MDE/7CCSMMDD as we explore code generation a bit more. We will use it actively in class. 

### Using the repository

There are two ways to do this activity:

1. You can check out the repository and import the projects into Eclipse, then do the activity there. Commit your changes and push them back to GitHub to trigger the autograding so you can see whether you've correctly implemented the grammar. More information about checking out and editing code in Eclipse can be found on KEATS.
2. You can do this activity in your browser.

   Due to an annoying, long-standing GitHub Classroom bug, you need a small extra step for this:

    1. Copy the URL of your repository (see the location bar of your browser).
    2. Open [this form](https://7ccsmmdd.github.io/) and paste your repository URL into the corresponding field.
    3. The URL field should fill with a long complicated URL as soon as you move out of the text field. 
    4. Click on the button at the bottom of the form to open that URL in a new tab: this is the MDENet Education Platform with the activity pre-loaded.  **Note that you must save your changes before switching to the generated editor or you will lose them.** Saving your changes will create a commit in your repository, which will also automatically trigger the autograding process.
